Simplify pulumi import exercise (#113)
pulumi/foundational-training: module-02-pulumi-import/exercise-01-pulumi-import-cli.md

    ```bash
    pulumi preview
    ```

    You should see no diff. If you do see a diff, massage the generated code and re-run `pulumi preview` until there is no diff.

## Importing Multiple Resources from the Command Line

1. Create a file called `pulumi-import.json` in the same directory as your Pulumi program. Create the file contents similar to the following:

    ```json
    {
        "resources": [
            {
                "type": "aws:ec2/subnet:Subnet",
                "name": "imported-subnet-1",
                "id": "subnet-abc123" // substitute with the actual subnet ID
            },
            {
                "type": "aws:ec2/subnet:Subnet",
                "name": "imported-subnet-2",
                "id": "subnet-xyz987" // substitute with the actual subnet ID
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

1. Import the resources you exported:

    ```bash
    pulumi import -f pulumi-import.json
    ```

    Copy the resulting code into your Pulumi program.

> 1. Run the `pulumi preview` command. Edit the program until the `pulumi preview` command shows no errors and no diff. The resources in this program are now under Pulumi management (although `pulumi import` protects them from deletion by default.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the `pulumi preview` command. Edit the program until the `pulumi preview` command shows no errors and no diff. The resources in this program are now under Pulumi management.

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> Note the `protect` flag that is added. This stops the resources from being deleted by Pulumi, but it does not prevent them from being deleted in AWS.
```

## Cleaning Up

1. Delete the stack with the imported resources:

    ```bash
    pulumi stack rm dev --force
    ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `--force` argument will delete the stack, but will leave any resources that are currently deployed. If you do not use this then the CLI will warn you that there are still resources.
```
